Feature/release notes 103012 verzoek data naar pv (#565)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major11/11.2.0/valtimo-backend-libraries.md

  Valtimo now uses a Spring managed ObjectMapper to map from JSON to classes and vice versa.

> * **Verzoak data mapping to a process variable**
> 
>   `VerzoekPlugins` now provides the ability to map the verzoek data directly to a process variable by adding a `pv` prefix to the chosen `target` on a specified copy strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Verzoek data mapping to a process variable**

  The Verzoek plugin now provides the ability to map the verzoek data directly to a process variable by adding a `pv` prefix to the chosen `target` on a specified copy strategy.
```
